Add loading attribute for audio and video (#43434)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlmediaelement/loading/index.md

---
title: "HTMLMediaElement: loading property"
short-title: loading
slug: Web/API/HTMLMediaElement/loading
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLMediaElement.loading
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

The **`loading`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLMediaElement")}} interface provides a hint to the {{Glossary("user agent")}} on how to handle the loading of the media which is currently outside the window's {{Glossary("visual viewport")}}. This helps to optimize the loading of the document's contents by postponing loading the media until it's expected to be needed, rather than immediately during the initial page load. It reflects the `<audio>` element's [`loading`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/audio#loading) content attribute or the `<video>` element's [`loading`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/video#loading) content attribute.

## Value

A string whose value is one of `eager` or `lazy`. For their meanings, see the HTML [`<audio loading>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/audio#loading) or [`<video loading>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/video#loading) reference.

## Examples

> The `addImageToList()` function shown below adds a photo thumbnail to a list of items, using lazy-loading to avoid loading the image from the network until it's actually needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `addVideoToList()` function shown below adds a video thumbnail to a list of items, using lazy-loading to avoid loading the video from the network until it's actually needed.
```
